it was the party congress of the Liberal Rebirth accompanied by ours
today show here Bomba Lutz van der Horst
that is the fdp party day in Rostock difficult to say
also that they are all fdp members or just the usual
Katastrophentourismus Bernd Böschen Frontzeck of the experts Take over
not evil »out so that more light
what do you want
to get ahead is everywhere
that's enough money very clean water Margit lowers through Georg r we have
already change something
Percent of 9
deserters
the Fête de La Torre
after a birdie the funny thing or ask the Suva question
be successively
Today is a very special day today is only in the morning at the colorful evening
laughed with songs
We are now looking forward to being recycled
but you have to say clearly what is actually wrong in the last few years
gone or worded differently who only had little airtime bassum last year
Michaela went wrong
in any case, the FDP wants to get over five percent
who makes sense the FDP calls itself in the otherwise the violence is at the moment
but six internet
drive carefully
I would have this at 4 5 percent
They are light and effective and I like them with us
I am very beautiful you are to Gomez he came completely honest we have
The car is supposed to be a little further away and that's what ZF is paying for
yes have to pay Rheine
1 also not with me that it is amazing
the suspension is done on the foot
Now they sit down again but they are standing back but it's hard to
differ with Zynga anyway
0 4 500 people nice guy
The latter is but three things probably such a real man
Porsche is
Inters I can because I know in them only from the positive side
the damage to the two sweet ones
that also personnel becomes the LWL percent
the church makes those who give priority to children
should come to us from the Greens or
there
I'm too old
8 90 members formulated about elections what has to be paid in numbers so they
Year stormed Birgit Homburger throw away
underload
VBR / c't
what do you think Mrs. Homburger
what are you still doing here?
dpa to work
Contact like
from Horst f
«Today Show» today 9
yes, how come that in important news
Kilogram of chocolate
if they do not record because I'm always just the Klamauk and ZDF just at
Zero Euros are due to be chosen on +12
century
as the building
yes, you can finally get away from the mountains, you can go uphill
and back to the studio